Now, let us discuss the same scenario, but let us assume that the application is making use of GM
threads doubly linked list instead of traditional linked list.
So the object impacts would look something like this.
We already have discussed that if an object needs to be inserted into glue based link list, then the
GM notes, which will serve as glues itself, has to be a member of the structure of employment.
So you can see that a structure definition has been modified so that the notes itself becomes the member
of this structure.
Using this Gelhaus, the employee object will going to stick itself into jail.
Trad's.
So you can see that Gaylord's here is represented by and one and two and three, right?
So this is an one and two and three.
Now, suppose you need to insert this implied object into doubly linked list along.
Now, here, linked list is nothing but real threats.
So you just have to plugging the load and one into this giant thread and L1 similarly, you have to
plug in the G.A. and to into jail trapped L2.
Right.
And finally, you just need to plug in the Geelhoed entry into G.L. Thread L3.
Now, I ask you one question, how many more locks are required in order to insert this implied object
into these three jail threads?
The answer is zero locks lie zero my locks because these nodes are not need to be logged.
But in fact, these nodes itself are a part of an object.
And when you log to imply object, these downloads were also logged along with an object because these
nodes itself are a member of this structure.
Right.
So you don't have to explicitly mellark G.L. nodes in this case.
Now, coming to the second situation, Soopers only leaves the company and you need to remove his record
from the list.
Now, what will you do in this case?
You will simply outraged over a list and one, in fact, you need to.
I tripped over one of the list, so let us choose that list as L1.
And when I turned over the list, I'll run.
You locate the node which points to the implied object which you want to delete.
Right.
So the next thing that you will do is to delete this load from the jail thread L1.
And because you have located the employee object, you already have a pointer to this employee object.
Now you can access all the fields of this object now.
Next, you also have to unreferenced this object from G.L. Thread L2 as well as the real Daltry.
Right.
And to do so you simply has to invoke G.L. to remove API, which will remove nodes and to an entry from
jail TREDWELL to an ultra right.
And we already know that this operation is out of one complexity.
And once the object is unreferenced from all the three threads, then you can invoke free on this object.
So time complexity for deletion of this object is order of M plus order of one plus order of one, which
is much better than what we had in the previous case of traditional link list.
So this example shows you the benefits of using grubbiest libraries over traditional libraries.
So one obvious question that arises is that in what scenario should we use the traditional localist
and in what scenario should you use?
Glub is doubly linked list.
So now you must be in a position to answer this question that whenever in your application an object
needs to be referenced by various multiple data structures, then you should think of using glue based
data structure such as link list R, trees, Arcus or any other.
Right.